
Grid Layout
Photo Gallery

Create a responsive photo gallery using the CSS Grid. Experiment with grid-template-rows, grid-template-columns, and gap.
Bonus: Make the layout change for mobile devices with @media queries.
Webpage Layout

Design a basic webpage with a header, navigation bar, main content area, sidebar, and footer using Grid.
Add areas using grid-template-areas for easy customization.
Flex Layout
Navigation Bar

Build a horizontal navigation bar using Flexbox. Ensure it aligns properly and is fully responsive.
Add hover effects for each menu item.
Card Layout

Create a row of cards (e.g., product cards) that automatically wrap on smaller screens.
Use properties like flex-wrap, justify-content, and align-items.
CSS Variables
Theming

Create a webpage with light and dark themes. Define colors as CSS variables and switch themes by toggling a class.
css
Copy code
:root {
  --background-color: white;
  --text-color: black;
}

.dark-theme {
  --background-color: black;
  --text-color: white;
}
Reusable Styles

Design buttons with CSS variables for colors, font sizes, and paddings. Change the variables to update all buttons easily.
Advanced Tasks
Responsive Design

Design a webpage that looks great on desktop, tablet, and mobile using a combination of Grid, Flexbox, and @media queries.
Animations

Use @keyframes and CSS properties like transition to create hover animations for buttons or other elements.
Example: A button that changes color and slightly increases in size when hovered.
Interactive Pricing Table

Build a pricing table where the current plan is highlighted. Use hover effects and CSS transitions to animate the highlight.
Creative Challenges
Portfolio Website

Design a portfolio website with sections like "About Me," "Projects," and "Contact."
Use CSS Grid for the main layout and Flexbox for individual components.
Product Landing Page

Create a product landing page featuring an attractive hero section, testimonials, and pricing. Use Grid and Flexbox to arrange elements dynamically.
CSS Art

Recreate a simple shape (like a star or a cloud) using only CSS shapes and positioning.
Tools and Resources
Developer Tools: Use browser DevTools to inspect and tweak your styles in real time.
CSS Grid Generator: Tools like CSS Grid Generator to help you practice.
Flexbox Froggy: A fun game to master Flexbox! Flexbox Froggy
